# My-Research-Publications

This repository contains a list of my peer-reviewed publications, including articles published in reputable journals and papers presented at renowned international conferences. The list provides details such as authors, titles, publication venues, and publication years. For easy access to the full papers and citations, a link to my Google Scholar profile is also included, https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=c_ejU1oAAAAJ&hl=en.
**Journals - under peer review **

**Journals**
1.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A.D. Sarma and Hema K Achanta, “Modeling of Ionospheric Time Delay Using Anisotropic IDW with Jackknife Technique”, IEEE transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, Vol.54, No.1, January 2016 (DOI:10.1109/TGRS.2015.2461017)
2.	Vemuri Satya Srinivas, Achanta D. Sarma, Ammana Supraja Reddy and Desireddy Krishna Reddy, Investigation of the Effect of Ionospheric Gradients on GPS Signals in the Context of LAAS, Progress In Electromagnetics Research B, U.S.A., Vol. 57, pp.191-205, 2014 (ISSN:1937-6472, Impact Factor (2013):3.76,  doi:10.2528/PIERB13101305).
3.	K.C.T.Swamy, A.D. Sarma and V. Satya Srinivas, P. Naveen Kumar and P.V.D. Somasekhar Rao, “Accuracy Evaluation of Estimated Ionospheric Delay of GPS Signals Based n Klobuchar and IRI-2007 Models in Low Latitude Region”, IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters, pp.1557-1561, Vol.10, No.6, Nov., 2013 (ISSN:1545-598X; Impact Factor(2013):1.823, doi:10.1109/LGRS. 2013. 226 2035).
4.	V. Satya Srinivas, A.D. Sarma, K CT Swamy and K. Satyanarayana, “Performance Evaluation of IRI-2007 at Equatorial Latitudes and its Matlab Version for GNSS Applications”, Advanced Space Research Journal, Elsevier publications, U.S.A, Vol.52, Issue 10, pp.1845-1858, November, 2013 (ISSN:0273-11 77, Impact Factor (2013):1.183, http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.asr.2012.12.002).
5.	K.C.T. Swamy, A.D. Sarma, A. Supraja Reddy, V. Satya Srinivas, and P.V.D. Somasekhar Rao, “Modelling of GPS signal scintillations with polynomial coefficients over the Indian Region”, Indian Journal of Radio and Space Physics, Vol.42, pp:167-174, June 2013.
6.	K. Yedukondalu, A.D. Sarma and V. Satya Srinivas, “Estimation and Mitigation of GPS Multipath Interference using Adaptive filtering”, Journal of Progress in Electromagnetics Research M (PIER M), U.S.A., Vol. 21, pp: 133-148, 2011 (ISSN:1937-8726, IF (2011):3.5, doi:10.2528/PIERM11 080811).
7.	Ratnam, A.D.Sarma, V Satya Srinivas and P Sreelatha, “Performance Evaluation of Selected Ionospheric Delay Models during Geomagnetic Storm Conditions in Low Latitude Region”, Radio Science Journal, American  Geophysical Union, U.S.A, Vol. 46, No.3, RS0D08, March 2011 (ISSN: ISSN:1944-799X , Impact factor (2011):1.0, doi:10.1029/2010RS004592). 
8.	Quddusa Sultana, Dhiraj Sunehra, Vemuri Satya Srinivas, Achanta Dattatreya Sarma, "Effect of Pseudolite Positioning on DOP in LAAS", Article ID:3160, Positioning Journal, Scientific Research Publishers, Vol.1, pp.18-26, November 2010 (ISSN:2150-8526, doi: 10.4236/pos.2010.11003).
9.	Achanta D Sarma, Quddusa Sultana, V Satya Srinivas, “Augmentation of Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System to Improve DOP”, The Journal of Navigation, The Royal Institute of Navigation, Cambridge Press, U.S.A., Vol.63, No.2, pp.313-321, April 2010 (ISSN: 373-4633, Impact Factor (2009): 0.69, http://dx.doi.org/10.101 7/S037346330999035X).
10.	K. Ravichandra, V. Satya Srinivas and A.D. Sarma, “Investigation of Ionospheric Gradients for GAGAN Applications”, Earth Planets Space Journal, vol.61, pp.633-635, 2009 (ISSN: 1880-5981, IF: 3.05). 

**International Conferences**
1.	Satya Srinivas V, “Cubesat Constellation Design for Leo-Only Navigation”, ХXV Anniversary International Scientific Conference “Reshetnev Readings 2021, Reshetnev Siberian State Univ.of Sci. &Tech.,  Nov.10-12.
2.	Satya Srinivas V and K. Yedukondalu, “Position Domain analysis of modernized GPS”, Ionosphere-free   Code Observations”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019.
3.	Satya Srinivas V and K. Yedukondalu, “Code-phase based combined GPS-Galileo positioning using   Ionosphere-free linear combination”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019.
4.	S. Jyothirmaye , V. Satya Srinivas and B. Ramu, “Fast Satellite Selection Techniques and DOPs for  Multi-GNSS Positioning”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019.
5.	B. Ramu, V. Satya Srinivas and S. Jyothirmaye, “Performance Analysis of SBAS Aided GNSS Positioning”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019. 
6.	V. Sirisha, V. Satya Srinivas, and P Rajini, “Statistical Modelling of GNSS Multipath Error Using Triple-Frequency Linear Combination”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019.
7.	D. Sony, V. Satya Srinivas, P. Naveen and D. Krishna Reddy, IRNSS User Range Accuracy Evaluation Receiver Autonomous Integrity”, URSI AP-RASC 2019, New Delhi, India, 09 - 15 March 2019.
8.	K. Yedukondalu and V. Satya Srinivas, “Analysis and Estimation of Multipath Interference using Dual and Tiple Frequency GNSS Signals”, IEEE Applied Electromagnetics Conference, 19-22 Dec. 2017, Aurangabad.
9.	V.Satya Srinivas and Yashuhide Hobara, ‘Reliability of Dual and Triple Frequency Ionosphere-free Linear Combination of GPS for Single Point Positioning’, Interdisciplinary Research and Global Outlook (IRAGO 2016), 1-2 Nov. 2016, University of Electro-Communications, Chofu-shi Tokyo, Japan. (Abstract).
10.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A.D. Sarma and A. Supraja, “Weighted Quasi-optimal and Recursive Quasi-optimal Satellite Selection Techniques for GNSS”, 14th International Ionospheric Effects Symposium (IES 2015), Alexandria, VA, USA, 12 – 14 May 2015.
11.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A.D. Sarma and D. Krishna Reddy, “Ionospheric Time Delay Modelling using Anisotropic IDW”, 2014 IEEE International Symposium on Antenna and Propagation and USNC-URSI National Radio Science Meeting, Memphis, Tennessee, USA, July 6-11, 2014.
12.	Krishna Reddy D., Satya Srinivas Vemuri and A.D. Sarma, “Estimation of Plasmaspheric Electron Content at Low latitudes using GNSS Signals”, 2014 IEEE International Symposium on Antenna and Propagation and USNC-URSI National Radio Science Meeting, Memphis, Tennessee, USA, July 6-11, 2014 (Abstract).
13.	Krishna Reddy D., Satya Srinivas Vemuri and A.D. Sarma, “Mobile Position Estimation with RSS Based Techniques in an Urban City with Multiple Multi-storied Structures”, 2014 IEEE International Symposium on Antenna and Propagation and USNC-URSI National Radio Science Meeting, Memphis, Tennessee, USA, July 6-11, 2014 (Abstract).
14.	K.C.T.Swamy, A.D.sarma, A. Supraja Reddy and Satya Srinivas Vemuri, “Modelling of Amplitude Scintillations of GPS Signals with Coefficients Developed Using Data over the Indian Region”, Pearl Jubilee International Conference on Navigation and Communication (NAVCOM-2012), pp.52-54, 2012.
15.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A. D. Sarma, D. Venkata Ratnam, and K.C.T. Swamy, “Application of MatLab Based IRI for efficient estimation of Time Delays in the Context of GNSS”, International Reference Ionosphere Workshop 2011, Hermanus, South Africa, 10th – 14th, October 2011 (Abstract). 
16.	A.D. Sarma, Satya Srinivas Vemuri, D. Venkata Ratnam and B.M. Reddy, “Robust Ionospheric Threat Model for Low Latitude Stations in the Context of GBAS", Ionospheric Effects Symposium IES-2011, Alxandria, V.A., U.S., 17-19, May 2011. 
17.	K. Yedukondalu, A.D. Sarma and Satya Srinivas Vemuri, “Multipath Mitigation Using LMS Adaptive Filtering for GPS Applications” (IEEE 2009), 4th International Conference on Computers & Devices for communication, Institute of Radio Physics and Electronics, University of Calcutta, Kolkata, India, December 14-16 2009. 
18.	K. Yedukondalu, A.D. Sarma and Satya Srinivas Vemuri, “Analysis of Multipath Interference Error of GPS Receiver”, International conference on Recent Advances in Communication Engineering (RACE), Dept. of ECE, Osmania University, Hyderabad, December 20- 23, 2008.


**National Conferences**
1.	V. Satya Srinivas, M. Satyanarayana, D.Venkata Ratnam and P. Sudhakar, “Investigation of Linear Combinations of Modernized GPS signals to mitigate the effect of Ionosphere”,  19th  National Space Science Symposium (NSSS), Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, 9-12 Feb. 2016. 
2.	V. Satya Srinivas, Suneetha E, D. Krishna Reddy, K. Satyanarayana and A.D. Sarma “Performance 
Evaluations of Fast Satellite Selection Techniques for GNSS”, 29th National Convention of Electronics and Telecommunication   Engineers and National Seminar on “Emerging Trends in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering”, Institute of Engineers, Hyderabad, 29-30 October, 2013.
3.	K.C.T. Swamy, A.D.Sarma, V.Satya Srinivas and G. Venkateswarlu, “Modelling of Ionospheric Scintilltions with Least Squares Adjustment Technique for GPS Applications”, 17th National Space Science Symposium – NSSS, Feb. 14-17, 2012.
4.	A. Supraja Reddy, V. Satya Srinivas and A.D. Sarma, “Performance Analysis of Divergence-free Smoothing Techniques for LAAS”, 17th National Space Science Symposium – NSSS, Feb. 14-17, 2012.
5.	K.C.T. Swamy, A.D.Sarma, V.Satya Srinivas, P.V.D. Somasekhar Rao, and G. Venkateswarlu, “Analysis of Ionospheric Scintillations Effect on Indian Satellite Based Augmentation System Receiver”, AICTE-ISTE sponsored National Seminar on “Recent Advances and Technology on Telecommunication Systems”, Dept. of ECE, GIET, Gunpur, Odisha, India, 2011.
6.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A.D. Sarma and A. Supraja Reddy, “Effect of Ionopheric Gradients on Evaluation of GPS DOP”, 16th National Space Science Symposium (NSSS 2010), Dept. of Physics, Saurashtra Univesity, Rajkot, 24th – 27th February 2010. 
7.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, A.D. Sarma and K. Ravichandra, “Ionopsheric Time delay Statistics of GPS Signals at Low Latitude Stations”, National Symposium on Antennas and propagation (APSYM 2008), Cochin University of Science & Technology, Kochi, December 29-31, 2008.
8.	Satya Srinivas Vemuri, Ravi Chandra K and A.D. Sarma, “An Improved Technique for Cycle Slip Detection and correction of GPS signals”, National Conf. on Intelligent Systems, Hyderabad, August 24-25, 2007.
